README.md, before:

# BounceRing
- Welcome to the BounceRing Official Repository on GitHub

Check this out:
- [Questions](#Questions)
- [Compiling](#Compiling)
- [More about it](about:blank)

## Questions
##### you may ask

- Whats the game about?
	- The Game is about fighting, kind of a mix between the generic 1v1 fighting game and smash bros, but with a "special" touch... YOU ARE IN A BUBBLE!!!!!!

---

- Why is this game Open Source?
	- I (n4c) have a list of reasons, here it is
	- 1.- I support FOSS and like when software and games are open source and free
	- 2.- Julibros wanted Modding to go crazy, so he chose the idea of the game being open source instead of it having a Modding API
	- 3.- Because it's easier to track errors and things like that

## Compiling 
For a better guide on how to compile, refer to the [Full Building instructions](./Building.md

- Requirements
	- .NET 8.0
	- MonoGame
	- .NET Maui (for Android and IOS)
	- Windows Platform Development Kit (Xbox One/Series)
	- Visual Studio 2022

- WIP

Commit message:

add NatunaticApi, BounceRingServer and BounceRingAndroid Projects
Added the Projects for the platforms planned for testing, the Natunatic "API" made by me for optimized development, also organized the folders, making the project more clean on vs 2022 and deleting unnecessary files on the folders outside of Visual Studio

README.md, after:

# BounceRing
- Welcome to the BounceRing Official Repository on GitHub

Check this out:
- [Questions](#Questions)
- [Compiling](#Compiling)
- [More about it](http://100.84.48.30/projects/bouncering/about)

## Questions
##### you may ask

- Whats the game about?
	- The Game is about fighting, kind of a mix between the generic 1v1 fighting game and smash bros, but with a "special" touch... YOU ARE IN A BUBBLE!!!!!!

---

- Why is this game Open Source?
	- I (n4c) have a list of reasons, here it is
	- 1.- I support FOSS and like when software and games are open source and free
	- 2.- Julibros wanted Modding to go crazy, so he chose the idea of the game being open source instead of it having a Modding API
	- 3.- Because it's easier to track errors and things like that

## Compiling 
For a better guide on how to compile, refer to the [Full Building instructions](./Building.md)

- Requirements
	- .NET 8.0
	- MonoGame
	- .NET Maui (for Android and IOS)
	- Windows Platform Development Kit (Xbox One/Series)
	- Visual Studio 2022

- Step 1:
	- Go to the BounceRing Folder (the one that only says bouncering) and open the `BounceRing.sln` file in Visual Studio 2022 (or VS Code if you have the tools)

- Step 2: Make changes or do what you want

- Step 3: Compile for the platform you want with the respective Project, always including the NatunaticApi

- Step 4: Play.
